@string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior;/Users/BeyAppsMacServer/Documents/Data/Proj-Personal/Android Test Progs/OvalCalc/OvalCalc.Android/obj/Release/lp/39/jl/res/layout/flyoutcontent.xml
@string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior;/Users/BeyAppsMacServer/Documents/Data/Proj-Personal/Android Test Progs/OvalCalc/OvalCalc.Android/obj/Release/lp/39/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
adaptive-icon;obj/Release/res/mipmap-anydpi-v26/icon.xml
adaptive-icon;obj/Release/res/mipmap-anydpi-v26/icon_round.xml
alpha;/Users/BeyAppsMacServer/Documents/Data/Proj-Personal/Android Test Progs/OvalCalc/OvalCalc.Android/obj/Release/lp/39/jl/res/anim/enterfromleft.xml
alpha;/Users/BeyAppsMacServer/Documents/Data/Proj-Personal/Android Test Progs/OvalCalc/OvalCalc.Android/obj/Release/lp/39/jl/res/anim/exittoleft.xml
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout;/Users/BeyAppsMacServer/Documents/Data/Proj-Personal/Android Test Progs/OvalCalc/OvalCalc.Android/obj/Release/lp/39/jl/res/layout/flyoutcontent.xml
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout;/Users/BeyAppsMacServer/Documents/Data/Proj-Personal/Android Test Progs/OvalCalc/OvalCalc.Android/obj/Release/lp/39/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout;/Users/BeyAppsMacServer/Documents/Data/Proj-Personal/Android Test Progs/OvalCalc/OvalCalc.Android/obj/Release/lp/39/jl/res/layout/shellcontent.xml
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView;/Users/BeyAppsMacServer/Documents/Data/Proj-Personal/Android Test Progs/OvalCalc/OvalCalc.Android/obj/Release/lp/39/jl/res/layout/bottomtablayout.xml
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout;/Users/BeyAppsMacServer/Documents/Data/Proj-Personal/Android Test Progs/OvalCalc/OvalCalc.Android/obj/Release/lp/39/jl/res/layout/flyoutcontent.xml
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout;/Users/BeyAppsMacServer/Documents/Data/Proj-Personal/Android Test Progs/OvalCalc/OvalCalc.Android/obj/Release/lp/39/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout;/Users/BeyAppsMacServer/Documents/Data/Proj-Personal/Android Test Progs/OvalCalc/OvalCalc.Android/obj/Release/lp/39/jl/res/layout/shellcontent.xml
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout;/Users/BeyAppsMacServer/Documents/Data/Proj-Personal/Android Test Progs/OvalCalc/OvalCalc.Android/obj/Release/lp/39/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout;obj/Release/res/layout/tabbar.xml
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView;/Users/BeyAppsMacServer/Documents/Data/Proj-Personal/Android Test Progs/OvalCalc/OvalCalc.Android/obj/Release/lp/39/jl/res/layout/flyoutcontent.xml
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar;/Users/BeyAppsMacServer/Documents/Data/Proj-Personal/Android Test Progs/OvalCalc/OvalCalc.Android/obj/Release/lp/39/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar;/Users/BeyAppsMacServer/Documents/Data/Proj-Personal/Android Test Progs/OvalCalc/OvalCalc.Android/obj/Release/lp/39/jl/res/layout/shellcontent.xml
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar;obj/Release/res/layout/toolbar.xml
background;obj/Release/res/mipmap-anydpi-v26/icon.xml
background;obj/Release/res/mipmap-anydpi-v26/icon_round.xml
cache-path;/Users/BeyAppsMacServer/Documents/Data/Proj-Personal/Android Test Progs/OvalCalc/OvalCalc.Android/obj/Release/lp/38/jl/res/xml/xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
color;obj/Release/res/values/colors.xml
external-cache-path;/Users/BeyAppsMacServer/Documents/Data/Proj-Personal/Android Test Progs/OvalCalc/OvalCalc.Android/obj/Release/lp/38/jl/res/xml/xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
external-path;/Users/BeyAppsMacServer/Documents/Data/Proj-Personal/Android Test Progs/OvalCalc/OvalCalc.Android/obj/Release/lp/38/jl/res/xml/xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
foreground;obj/Release/res/mipmap-anydpi-v26/icon.xml
foreground;obj/Release/res/mipmap-anydpi-v26/icon_round.xml
FrameLayout;/Users/BeyAppsMacServer/Documents/Data/Proj-Personal/Android Test Progs/OvalCalc/OvalCalc.Android/obj/Release/lp/39/jl/res/layout/bottomtablayout.xml
item;/Users/BeyAppsMacServer/Documents/Data/Proj-Personal/Android Test Progs/OvalCalc/OvalCalc.Android/obj/Release/lp/39/jl/res/values/styles.xml
item;obj/Release/res/values/styles.xml
LinearLayout;/Users/BeyAppsMacServer/Documents/Data/Proj-Personal/Android Test Progs/OvalCalc/OvalCalc.Android/obj/Release/lp/39/jl/res/layout/bottomtablayout.xml
paths;/Users/BeyAppsMacServer/Documents/Data/Proj-Personal/Android Test Progs/OvalCalc/OvalCalc.Android/obj/Release/lp/38/jl/res/xml/xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
resources;/Users/BeyAppsMacServer/Documents/Data/Proj-Personal/Android Test Progs/OvalCalc/OvalCalc.Android/obj/Release/lp/39/jl/res/values/styles.xml
resources;obj/Release/res/values/colors.xml
resources;obj/Release/res/values/styles.xml
set;/Users/BeyAppsMacServer/Documents/Data/Proj-Personal/Android Test Progs/OvalCalc/OvalCalc.Android/obj/Release/lp/39/jl/res/anim/enterfromleft.xml
set;/Users/BeyAppsMacServer/Documents/Data/Proj-Personal/Android Test Progs/OvalCalc/OvalCalc.Android/obj/Release/lp/39/jl/res/anim/enterfromright.xml
set;/Users/BeyAppsMacServer/Documents/Data/Proj-Personal/Android Test Progs/OvalCalc/OvalCalc.Android/obj/Release/lp/39/jl/res/anim/exittoleft.xml
set;/Users/BeyAppsMacServer/Documents/Data/Proj-Personal/Android Test Progs/OvalCalc/OvalCalc.Android/obj/Release/lp/39/jl/res/anim/exittoright.xml
style;/Users/BeyAppsMacServer/Documents/Data/Proj-Personal/Android Test Progs/OvalCalc/OvalCalc.Android/obj/Release/lp/39/jl/res/values/styles.xml
style;obj/Release/res/values/styles.xml
translate;/Users/BeyAppsMacServer/Documents/Data/Proj-Personal/Android Test Progs/OvalCalc/OvalCalc.Android/obj/Release/lp/39/jl/res/anim/enterfromleft.xml
translate;/Users/BeyAppsMacServer/Documents/Data/Proj-Personal/Android Test Progs/OvalCalc/OvalCalc.Android/obj/Release/lp/39/jl/res/anim/enterfromright.xml
translate;/Users/BeyAppsMacServer/Documents/Data/Proj-Personal/Android Test Progs/OvalCalc/OvalCalc.Android/obj/Release/lp/39/jl/res/anim/exittoleft.xml
translate;/Users/BeyAppsMacServer/Documents/Data/Proj-Personal/Android Test Progs/OvalCalc/OvalCalc.Android/obj/Release/lp/39/jl/res/anim/exittoright.xml
xamarin.forms.platform.android.appcompat.FormsViewPager;/Users/BeyAppsMacServer/Documents/Data/Proj-Personal/Android Test Progs/OvalCalc/OvalCalc.Android/obj/Release/lp/39/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
